# Release Note 7.0.0 ML Survey Service

This version contains set of manual activites tasks that must be completed in order to improve to upgrade the ML Survey service code to 7.0.0. Please consider the following list of tasks to be completed.

### Deploy ml-survey-services

To retrieve the latest release tag for version 7.0.0, please visit the following URL: https://github.com/project-sunbird/ml-survey-service/tags e.g. release-7.0.0_RC1

To proceed with the deployment process, follow the steps below:

    1. Log in to Jenkins.
    2. Navigate to Dashboard -> AutoBuild -> StagingManual -> managed-learn -> ml-survey-service. OR for dev Navigate to Dashboard -> Build -> managed-learn -> ml-survey-service
    3. Click on "Build with parameters" and provide the latest release tag in the field labeled "github_release_tag". Initiate the build process.
    4. The build job will take approximately 5 minutes to complete.
    5. After the job finishes, go to Dashboard -> Deploy -> staging -> managed-learn -> ml-survey-service. OR for dev go to Dashboard -> Deploy -> dev -> managed-learn -> ml-survey-service This job will be executed automatically in the dev environment. If not, then it should be built manually.
    6. Click on "Build with parameters" to initiate the deployment process.
    7. Once the job is completed, the services will be deployed on the staging environment

### New Environment Keys Added

We added new environment keys to the DevOps repository ([PR link](https://github.com/project-sunbird/sunbird-devops/pull/3921/files)) to as required for new features and functionality. For configuration and access to outside services or resources, these keys will be utilised.

Please note you don't need to deploy the DevOps repo. Once the PR is merged, deploy this service, env variable will automatically add from the DevOps branch.

In this release, we have introduced four new environment variables.

    USER_DELETE_TOPIC={{user_delete_topic_name | default("")}}
    ID={{ml_survey_service_id | default("")}}
    TELEMETRY_TOPIC={{telemetry_raw_topic_name | default("")}}